authentication-facade
=====================
authentication-facade aims to be a simple proxy to internal applications with authentication implemented through Google OAuth service. The authentication-facade is trying to solve the problem of providing access to internal web applications in a secure way without the need for modification of internal applications or complicated and troublesome access control (e.g. virtual private network - VPN).

The authentication-facade is composed of two main components. The first component implements authentication of authorized users using Google OAuth protocol. The second component is a proxy/bridge to internal applications by selectively exposing public URLs for resources only available internally. Requiring an explicit mapping for every internal resource that we want to expose makes for some extra work, but it also makes the authentication-facade much more secure.

When an user accesses authentication-facade (always using https!) he is first redirected to Google where he must log in (if he's not logged in already) and grant access to his name and email. Once authenticated, the user accesses resources through publicly exposed URLs. Upon request, the authentication-facade fetches a resource from internal network associated with the public URL. Since some resources (e.g., html, javascript, and css files) include references to other internal resources the authentication-facade replaces every reference to an internal resources with a publicly accessible URL (to prevent unintentional resource exposure, mappings must be defined manually). This provides for cascade loading of resources  and makes it possible to have complete internal applications exposed through authentication-facade even if the internal application depends on internal resources spread over several systems.
